HCPE-798 - Add initial contribution guidelines (#71)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: contributing/checklist-resource.md

# New Resource Checklist

Implementing a new resource is a good way to learn more about how Terraform interacts with upstream APIs. There are plenty of examples to draw from in the existing resources, but you still get to implement something completely new.

- [ ] __Minimal LOC__: It can be inefficient for both the reviewer and author to go through long feedback cycles on a big PR with many resources. We therefore encourage you to only submit **1 resource at a time**.

> - [ ] __Documentation__: Each resource gets a page in the [Terraform Registry documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/hcp/latest/docs). For a new resource, you'll want to add an example, field descriptions, and possibly a guide.

Reviewer: Trying to decide where the best place to put the criteria for a guide, but maybe it's worth repeating a few places. Could add here:
```suggestion
- [ ] __Documentation__: Each resource gets a page in the [Terraform Registry documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/hcp/latest/docs). For a new resource, you'll want to add an example and field descriptions. A guide is required if the new feature requires multiple dependent resources to use.
```

- [ ] __Well-formed Code__: Do your best to follow existing conventions you see in the codebase, and ensure your code is formatted with `go fmt`. The PR reviewers can help out on this front, and may provide comments with suggestions on how to improve the code.

> 

Reviewer: This seems like a good spot to explain how to leverage `internal/clients` to support resource methods

- [ ] __Does Not Use Project ID Input__: There should not be an input field for `project_id` in the schema. Instead of the user providing a `project_id` explicitly, the provider uses the authentication scope to determine which project is accessible. This prevents the user from needing to locate and provide their project ID. `client.Config.ProjectID` should be used to retrieve the implied project ID.

## CRUD Operations

- [ ] __Uses Context-Aware CRUD Functions__: The context-aware CRUD functions (eg. `CreateContext`, `ReadContext`, etc.) should be used over their deprecated counterparts (eg. `Create`, `Read`, etc.).
- [ ] __Uses Context For API Calls__: The `context.Context` that is passed into the CRUD functions should be passed into all API calls, most often by setting the `Context` field of a `*Params` object. This allows the API calls to be cancelled properly by Terraform.
- [ ] __Handles Existing Resource Prior To Create__: Before calling the API creation function, there should be a check to ensure that the resource does not already exist. If it does exist, the user should see a helpful log message that they may need to import the resource.

> - [ ] __Implements Immediate Resource ID Set During Create__: Immediately after calling the API creation function, the resource ID should be set with [`d.SetId()`](https://godoc.org/github.com/hashicorp/terraform/helper/schema#ResourceData.SetId) before other API operations or returning.

Reviewer: Add some context why?

Author: This is actually copy-and-pasted from [this section](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/master/docs/contributing/contribution-checklists.md#new-resource) in the aws provider. I think it's in line with the adjacent checks in terms of the level of detail provided, and it's not the type of thing that I would expect to spur debate or confusion if there is not an explicit rationale here.
